well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to go through
the looking-glass we're an act as if
we're already on the other side of this
we're going to enter wonderland where
all of this is gone so what have we
learned during this we've learned that
governments in general are pretty
ineffective at protecting us it's often
the claim that a government is there to
protect you but the reality is it's not
really good as job in fact often times
it will cut be very teams and measures
there to protect you because they're
expensive it's not the government's real
purpose it's not a protector meant it's
a government it's not there to protect
you you have to protect yourself in
situations like this it becomes more and
more apparent government is a very large
unwieldy tool it is a tool in its best
case it is a tool that is there to
promote the general welfare and secure
its citizens freedom and personal
well-being in its best case in its worst
case it's a tool that gets turned
against you
I would hope that most people are making
a list of all of the things they needed
during this and making the decision to
become prepared after work a lot of this
stuff that's needed it's inexpensive it
has an almost indefinite shelf life and
you can you can just buy it slowly over
time because this isn't the big one this
isn't the big one in this sense and it's
not the most dangerous situation that
we're facing this is nothing compared to
the the issues that are going to arise
with climate change you've got to be
prepared the government isn't going to
do it for you they don't have a plan and
understand that at some point there was
probably a verbal conversation and if
not it was guiding every thought that
was there how many people can die before
it becomes politically untenable that
was a question that occurred when you
had governor's delaying giving
stay-at-home advisories that's what they
were thinking how many people can die
before I really damage my reputation
before I damage myself before I damage
faith in the government well from where
I'm sitting that very question damages
the faith the reality is there was a
scale economic benefit you your friends
and your families lives and at some
point one weighed out over the other
that was a thought process that occurred
if you still believe the government is
there to protect you
understand we're all expendable we are
all expendable in the pursuit of
stability which is what governments want
they're not protectorates their
governments they are there to maintain
calm
you had some that took the lead but most
were really working that balance sheet
to see whether or not your wife was
gonna be the tipping point that would
turn people against them make a list of
everything that you need everybody
doesn't matter how well-prepared you are
you have things that you wish you had
right now I wish I had shop towels the
blue ones that come in a roll because I
could make my own disinfectant wipes
well you know there there's a whole
bunch of stuff it doesn't matter how how
well-prepared you are I'm one of those
people I always have food water and
medicine all of that stuff I'd have
cleaning supplies but I didn't have
cleaning supplies that were ease-of-use
you know geared towards ease of use I
can make disinfectant with what I have
but not in the easy way and it's
something I would like at at some point
when you start preparing you get past
basic survival and you get to the point
where you're talking about standard of
living it would be nice if everybody was
at that point when this is over please
do what you can to prepare do what you
can to put yourself in a situation where
the next time there's panic buying you
don't have to leave home it's something
we talk about on this channel a lot and
it's something that we're going to go
into depth on once we're once this is
over right now there's not a lot of
people can do because you can't go
anywhere you shouldn't be going anywhere
and if you do wear a mask for those that
don't know that's why I had to make my
beard in 95 compliance so here we are
wash your hands don't touch your face
stay at home if you have to go out wear
a mask do your part to end this this
isn't this doesn't have to be
massive thing and we can restart the
economy after work right now what's
important is human life anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good day